0	Rim and body sherd of South Ionian pottery cup with everted rim;  interior: reserved band at top of lip, glazed black below; wall reserved with streaky black band preserved at break; top of lip glazed; exterior: lip and handle zone reserved with band between; glazed below; inscription on exterior.	1
1	Rim, body, and handle sherd (rejoined from four fragments) of Vroulian pottery shallow cup with short, sharp everted rim; glazed black; interior: reserved band around rim; below, upper parts of two widely-separated incised upright palmettes with alternate fronds in added red and incised scalloped line framing top; exterior: upper parts of five incised upright palmettes with alternate fronds in red and incised scalloped line framing top; two incised volutes of possible pendant palmette to right of handle.	2
2	Rim sherd of Chian pottery Type B1 kantharos; white slip; interior: reserved band around rim and glazed streaky black below; part of lotus bud in added white outline with added red centre followd by single white band; exterior: trace of brown line on edge of rim and reserved below; inscription on exterior.	3
3	Egyptian terracotta figure of Isis riding a horse.	4
4	Isis riding astride a stallion rearing to right, its forelegs off the ground.	4
5	The goddess,  whose body is twisted to front, with her leg bent sharply at the knee, wears a short-sleeved tunic of uncertain length, with probable indications of an ‘Isis knot’ between the breasts.	4
6	Her head is lost, but locks and a wreath fall to her left shoulder; one lock remains on the right shoulder.	4
7	She probably held a palm branch in her right hand, but the stem only remains.	4
8	A wide fillet extends in a curve from her wreath to her left hand, which appears to hold a small, uncertain object, possibly a pot.	4
9	There seems little doubt that she not only had a palm branch, but also a large headdress of wreaths and a crown.	4
10	The horse apparently has no harness.	4
11	The group stands on a rectangular plinth with mouldings top and bottom; it is inset at each end.	4
12	The back is plain, with a circular vent.	4
13	Hollow, from two-piece mould. Matt red-brown slip on the front, with areas of a white dressing also on the front, particularly on the deity’s clothing; some pink paint on the horse; one hoof, at least, appears to be painted black.	4
14	Brown Nile silt with abundant fine gold mica, common rounded quartz and white inclusions.	4
15	Shell of the Mediterranean marine 'Trochus Turbinatus' gastropod mollusc.	5
16	Rim and body sherd of South Ionian pottery cup with everted rim; interior: reserved band at top of rim, glazed black below; on body, alternating reserved and black concentric bands; exterior: wide black band at top rim, reserved lip and handle zone with band between; lower body glazed with reserved band near foot; inscription on exterior.	6
17	Rim sherd of Chian pottery Type B1 kantharos; white slip; interior: reserved band at rim, glazed streaky black below; part of lotus flower in added white outline with added red centres; exterior reserved; inscription on exterior.	7
18	Lower body and conical foot sherd of Chian, possibly Simple Animal Style patterned, pottery chalice; white slip; interior glazed streaky black (mostly worn) with reserved dot at centre; exterior: reserved band at junction of bowl and foot, glazed black below; inscription on reserved underside.	8
19	Rim sherd of South Ionian pottery little master cup; interior: reserved band around edge of rim and glazed black below; exterior: narrow black line on edge of rim followed by ivy leaf pattern with row of single added red dots.	9
20	Fragment of base and lower wall of pottery mortarium;  low disk foot.	10
21	Rather fine orange-buff clay with cream surface on outside.	10
22	Graffito underneath foot: vac πανφα vac.	10
23	Body sherd of Chian pottery Type B kantharos; white slip; interior glazed streaky black with single added white band; exterior reserved; inscription on exterior.	11
24	Baluster sherd of Attic black-figured pottery dinos stand; exterior: incised spoked rosettes (fired red).	12
25	Partially reconstructed (from four fragments and added plaster) East Dorian pottery cup with everted rim and small conical foot; glazed unevenly fired; interior glazed dark brown; exterior: wide streaky dark brown band on rim; reserved band in handle zone; streakily glazed below; underside of conical foot reserved; inscription on exterior.	13
26	Omphalos sherd of East Greek pottery phiale mesomphalos; black (fired brownish) glaze; interior: on top and on side of flat omphalos, added red and added white bands; underside: red bands.	14
27	Body sherd of Chian, possibly Wild Goat Style, pottery chalice; white slip; interior: glazed streaky brown with two concentric added white bands; exterior: painted decoration consisting of undetermined motif.	15
28	Fragment of ring base of Chian Wild Goat Style pottery kernos; white slip; exterior: guilloche pattern (mostly worn); graffito on exterior.	16
29	Rim sherd of Attic red-figured pottery skyphos; interior glazed black; exterior: red-figure decoration consisting of head and chest of youth with short hair, to right (chest in three-quarter view); sketchy anatomical markings in dilute brown on chest; preliminary sketch on face and chest.	17
30	Rim shows some wear.	17
31	Rim and wall sherd of East Greek (North Ionian) Late Wild Goat pottery plate; brown clay with white inclusions and some silver mica; exterior: fugitive cream slip (mostly effaced), two sets of painted bands; glaze over edge of lip; interior (slipped cream), from outside: wavy line; band with added red band lined in white; frieze of large rosettes alternating with sets of red and black bars; in tondo, star pattern part-preserved.	18
32	Flattened handle of a pottery transport amphora, gradual curve.	19
33	Clay fine light red-brown; cream slip.	19
34	Circular stamp.	19
35	Greek inscription.	19
36	Double handle from a pottery transport amphora.	20
37	Clay medium, orange-brown;  cream slip.	20
38	Rectangular stamp at top of handle with Greek inscription.	20
39	Fragment of a marble ovolo moulding border which belongs to an Ionic cyma.	21
40	The fragment is made of light grey marble and is weathered.	21
41	Vessel sherd; earthenware; salmon-pink fabric; exterior decorated with horizontal and vertical bands and S-shaped scrolls; all painted in black or orange on a buff ground.	22
42	Mica and white inclusions.	22
43	Fragment of pottery transport amphora.	23
44	Handle at neck join to sharp turn.	23
45	Rectangular stamp.	23
46	Clay fine red-brown;  cream slip.	23
47	Conical foot sherd of Chian pottery chalice; white slip on exterior, glazed streaky black (fired reddish); inscription on exterior.	24
48	Lower body sherd of Chian pottery open vessel, possibly a cup; white slip; interior: glazed streaky black; exterior: painted decoration consisting of undetermined motif, perhaps a carelessly applied band.	25
49	Round handle at neck join from a pottery transport amphora.	26
50	Clay near fine buff;  mixed inclusions;  cream surface.	26
51	Rectangular stamp at top of handle with Latin inscription.	26
52	Rim and body sherd (mended from two fragments) of South Ionian pottery cup with everted rim; interior glazed black; exterior: lip and handle zone reserved, band between;  glazed below; inscription on exterior.	27
53	Egyptian sealing in fired clay.	28
54	A sealing impressed by two intaglio gems, one (stamped twice) with a human foot and an uncertain device, possibly a mattock, the other with Osiris-in-a-Jar to front.	28
55	The back has an impression of the papyrus document to which it was attached, with a hole for the string that bound the package.	28
56	Red-brown Nile silt with abundant mica and white inclusions.	28
57	Lower body and flaring foot of South Ionian pottery cup, possibly a cup with everted rim; interior: glazed black; concentric added red and added white bands; exterior: glazed black on bowl and foot; reserved on underside of foot and bowl; inscription on exterior.	29
58	Oval handle of a pottery transport amphora.	30
59	Clay medium, brick red; thick dark grey core; white slip.	30
60	Rectangular stamp.	30
61	Greek inscription.	30
62	Fragment of pottery transport amphora.	31
63	Flattened handle, gradual curve.	31
64	Rectangular stamp.	31
65	Clay fine pink-buff.	31
66	Lower body sherd of Chian Simple Animal Style pottery chalice with start of cul; white slip; interior glazed streaky black; traces of added red band at top of sherd and of two red bands at bottom; exterior: painted decoration consisting of undetermined motif at top left; below, two dilute lines above top of cul; inscription on exterior.	32
67	Foot of East Greek pottery stemmed cup; brown fired glaze on exterior and underside; resting surface and outer face of foot reserved; inscription cut twice on underside (once on resting surface and once on inner face of foot).	33
68	Flattened handle of a pottery transport amphora, gradual curve.	34
69	Clay near fine, accreted.	34
70	Rectangular stamp.	34
71	Scarab in Egyptian blue, probably mould-made; underside decorated with composition arranged in three registers; in upper register, winged sun-disc; in middle register, to right a cartouche containing three hieroglyphs (Men-ka-ra) and to left a griffin with its wings spread above; in lower register, right facing fish; registers separated by horizontal, probably incised, double line; hatching visible in falcon's wing.	35
72	Terracotta scarab-mould in Nile clay; small mould, with almost flat surface underneath; impression for small scarab with almost indistinct details of back; traces of turquoise paste/glaze adhering to sides and base of impression; in pale red brown micaceous Nile silt fabric.	36
73	Body sherd of Rhodian pottery Vroulia cup, probably with everted rim; interior glazed streaky black; part of incised enclosed palmette and lotus flower with added red; exterior glazed streaky black; part of incised upright palmette with trace of red.	37
74	Neck and oval handle from a pottery transport amphora.	38
75	Clay near fine mid-brown;  mixed inclusions.	38
76	Rectangular stamp at top of handle with Greek inscription and trident symbol.	38
77	Body sherd of Rhodian pottery Vroulia cup, probably with everted rim; interior glazed black; uncertain incised decoration with vertical lines with some added red; two slightly curving bands below and possibly trace of incised top of central rosette; exterior glazed black with part of incised palmette or central rosette with red on alternate petals and additional incised scalloped line at top of petals.	39
78	Rim sherd of Chian pottery Type B1 kantharos; white slip; interior: reserved band at rim, glazed streaky black (very worn) below; part of lotus flower in added white outline with added red centre; top of rim glazed; exterior reserved; inscription on exterior.	40
79	Lip and wall sherd of East Greek (South Ionian?) pottery bowl; very micaceous clay; interior: glazed orange with remains of added lines below rim and on lower wall; exterior: band at top of lip and on wall, the rest reserved; inscription cut on exterior, in reserved zone.	41
80	Rim sherd (mended from five fragments and added plaster) of Chian Mature Animal Style pottery large chalice; white slip; interior: reserved band at rim, glazed streaky black below; alternating lotus flowers and rosettes in added white outline with added red centres above two white bands; below, trace of white lotus flower; exterior completely worn.	42
81	Foot and wall sherd of Attic black-glazed pottery salt-cellar; flat base; glazed black on interior and exterior (partly peeled); reserved: lowest part of foot and underside; inscription cut on underside.	43
82	Body sherd (mended from two fragments) of Chian Wild Goat Style pottery chalice; white slip; interior glazed; exterior: painted decoration consisting of parts of two confronted grazing goats (head and lower part of foreleg of goat on left; head and parts of both forelegs of that on right); dot rosette between their heads and rising triangle as filling ornament.	44
83	Attic Silhouette style pottery miniature omphalos phiale (reconstructed from four sherds and added plaster); interior: narrow added red band below rim above painted decoration consisting of four swans and part of two others, ro right; red on body and wing of each bird and rows of short black strokes above and below; part of red band preserved near centre of tondo; exterior: four brownish black streaky bands of varying thickness.	45
84	Body sherd of Chian Mature Animal Style pottery chalice; white slip; interior: no trace of slip remaining; exterior: painted decoration consisting of lion (only head remaining), to left; elaborate rosettes as filling ornament.	46
85	Fragment of pottery transport amphora.	47
86	Oval handle.	47
87	Rectangular stamp.	47
88	Clay medium, dull brown;  some large red inclusions.	47
89	Egyptian terracotta antefix corner.	48
90	An antefixal ornament from the corner of a structure, with simplified acanthus decoration.	48
91	It is hand-modelled, with applied leaves, the edges of which are defined by incised grooves.	48
92	Rough holes are pierced almost right through, below the arch of the lowest leaves on each side, and the stumps of inserted clay stems survive in both.	48
93	Orange-brown Nile silt with a grey core, with common gold mica and white inclusions.	48
94	Fragment of wall and offset of lip of Attic black-glazed cup, type C.	49
95	Wholly glazed.	49
96	Incised inscription on inside.	49
97	Lip sherd of East Greek (North Ionian) pottery bowl; interior glazed orange; reserved on the outside except for line at top of lip; inscription cut on exterior.	50
98	Rim sherd of Attic black-figure pottery open vase, probably a kantharos; interior: reserved at rim, glazed below; exterior: black band at rim; black-figure decoration consisting of head of Dionysos with open mouth (long hair, added red on beard, ivy wreath with red dots on ivy), to right; inscription on interior.	51
99	Body sherd of Attic black-figured pottery lid; interior: reserved with streaky glaze band; exterior: black-figure decoration consisting of hindquarters of quadriga team to right with faded added white markings on horses, added red on alternating tails, chariot pole in dilute brown;  graffito on interior.	52
100	Shoulder sherd of East Greek, possibly Milesian Fikellura, pottery oinochoe; exterior: cream slip; inscription on exterior.	53
101	Body sherd of Attic black-figure pottery band-cup with handle root; interior glazed black; exterior: at far left, black handle surround; incised palmette with added red on heart; black-figure decoration consisting of horseman to right (trace of black leg and foot with added white), riding white horse (hindquarters, part of body and upper off-foreleg remaining; white partly effaced with black showing through); below horse's belly tail of another horse, to right.	54
102	Rim sherd of Chian Mature Animal Style pottery chalice; white slip; interior: reserved band at rim, glazed black below; part of rosette and pomegranate in added white outline to left of part of lotus flower in white outline with added red centre; exterior: below rim, Z band between pairs of dilute lines; below, part of pendant roundel as filling ornament.	55
103	Sherd of lower part of East Greek pottery vessel; the wall cut out with two slim triangular slits preserved; two light grooves on upper part;  inside reserved with dribbles of glaze; outside glazed above; series of bands on cut-out area below, with the glaze spilling over on to the sides of the 'legs'.	56
104	Mould-made scarab in glaze composition; back simply modelled with simplified clypeus, prothorax and elytra marked by thick lines; humeral callosities indicated by triangular ticks; profile flattened; at side, legs not understood, represented by broad incised lines forming a small triangle, but not cut away; underside bearing crude incised (?) hieroglyphic inscription arranged horizontally and composed of three signs; longitudinally pierced; thick yellow glaze; pale yellow core.	57
105	Rim sherd of Chian Mature Animal Style pottery chalice; white slip; interior: reserved band at rim, glazed streaky black below; exterior: band of 'S' between narrow brown bands; below, painted decoration consisting of a curved brown horizontal line, possibly part of the head and curlicue of a sphinx, to left.	58
106	Rim and body sherd of South Ionian pottery cup with everted rim; glaze largely fired red-brown; interior: reserved band at top of rim, glazed below; on body, two reserved bands; exterior: black band at top of rim; rest of rim and handle zone reserved with band between; glazed below; inscription on exterior of lip.	59
107	Glazed composition figure of a seated double-flute player; two pieces re-joined.	60
108	Crudely modelled with shoulder-length wide-flaring hair.	60
109	Seated on block seat, with flat back pillar behind.	60
110	No suspension loop.	60
111	Proportions distorted with legs and seat too short for size of upper part.	60
112	Glaze none survives except for greenish tinge, and some traces of black/brown on hair.	60
113	Core rough texture, buff colour.	60
114	Volute handle and rim sherd (consisting of 3 fragments, two joining) of Laconian black-glazed pottery volute-krater; interior glazed black; exterior: white slip on exterior surface of rim and on sides of volute handle; glazed black on top of rim and handle; on rim chevrons; on sides of volute curvind diagonal strokes; neck glazed black.	61
115	Scaraboid in glazed composition; back in form of Black African head with crudely cut out facial features, with hair indicated by cross-hatched diamonds; ears added as lumps of material; rather flattened in profile; underside incised with motif  arranged horizontally with representation of robed figure with extended wings on either side, striding to right and flanked at his feet by cobras; laterally pierced across head just below hairline; glaze still remains mostly buff; core buff to yellow.	62
116	Cement or plaster seal from a wine amphora stopper, with a stamped inscription.	63
117	Plug is missing, but would have been either a ceramic or cork disc.	63
118	Broken in half and text obscured or missing in places.	63
119	Lower body and conical foot sherd of East Dorian pottery cup, presumably with everted rim; wholly glazed save for underside;  inscription on underside.	64
120	Body sherd of Chian Mature Animal Style pottery chalice; white slip; interior glazed streaky black; part of lotus flower in added white outline with added red centres above two white bands; exterior: painted decoration consisting of hindquarters with red patch of possible feline to left; pendant roundel and elaborate rosettes as filling ornament.	65
121	Body and handle sherd of Corinthian Linear Style pottery miniature kotyle (kotyliskos); interior: painted black dot in between inverted black triangles beneath lipless rim followed by three (perhaps four) black concentric bands; exterior: two narrow and one wide black painted concentric bands.	66
122	Wall sherd (mended from seven fragments) of East Greek (North Ionian) black-figured pottery bowl; interior glazed save for broad reserved band near lip; decoration in added red and white, from top: white zig-zag; red band between white bands; alternate red and white dot rosettes; red band lined in white; alternate red, white and black tongues with incised outline; red band lined in white; incised lotus and bud frieze with added red and white; worn added colour band; part of shallow palmette, incised with some added red petals.	67
123	Handle sliver of pottery transport amphora.	68
124	Red paint.	68
125	Clay fine light brown.	68
126	Rectangular stamp.	68
127	Rim sherd of South Ionian pottery little master cup; interior: trace of concentric dilute lines in between black bands; exterior: black band on edge of rim followed by myrtle leaf pattern with single row of added white dots.	69
128	Rim and body sherd (mended from three fragments with added plaster) of South Ionian pottery cup with everted rim; interior: reserved band at top of rim, glazed black below; top of lip glazed; exterior: lip and handle zone reserved with band between;  glazed on wall below; inscription on exterior.	70
129	Oval handle of a pottery transport amphora sliver to sharpish turn.	71
130	Clay fine pink-buff;  cream slip.	71
131	Circular stamp with rose symbol.	71
132	Lower body sherd of Chian Simple Animal Style pottery chalice; discoloured white slip; interior glazed streaky black with added white band at top of sherd; exterior: light brown line at top of sherd above part of double saw-edged metope pattern in handle zone; on right, vertical brown lines beside handle root; below, light brown band, part of an incised circle (possible inscription).	72
133	Lower body sherd of large Chian, possibly Mature Animal Style, pottery chalice; white slip; interior: glazed streaky black; two faded concentric added white bands; exterior: from top: end of two vertical lines, possibly part of handle frill pattern; below, brown band; second brown band near bottom of sherd; inscription on exterior.	73
134	Fragment of terracotta statue; red and black chequer-board panel and black floral band.	74
135	Egyptian sealing in fired clay.	75
136	A sealing impressed by an intaglio gem, with a naked figure, possibly a woman but not certainly so (there is a fairly obvious breast), standing half crouched to left, the left arm extended, the right hand raised in the pose of a wrestler about to engage with an opponent; in relief behind her are the letters upsilon and lambda.	75
137	The sealing is almost circular, with cracked edges and a flat back: there is no evidence for its application to anything.	75
138	Orange-brown Nile silt.	75
139	Fragment of limestone column-necking decorated with moulding.	76
140	The upper surface shows a plain astragal with rebate.	76
141	It is stepped and the break at the rear, which has the form of a segment of a circle, shows that a step was set there as well.	76
142	Traces of red colouring are shown on the upper surface.	76
143	This fragment of moulding is part of the relief-ground of the Anthemion.	76
144	Rim sherd of South Ionian pottery little master cup; interior: reserved band around edge of rim and glazed black below; exterior: black band on edge of rim followed by myrtle leaf pattern with single row of added white dots.	77
145	Sherd of pottery open vessel body, orientation uncertain; offsets at top and bottom of sherd; reserved on offsets, the rest black glazed with; incised and painted decoration in white and yellow; egg and dart pattern.	78
146	Body sherd of Corinthian black figure pottery alabastron; exterior: black figure decoration consisting of marching hoplites (part of round shield with added red in centre and added white dots around edge and legs), to right; alternating black and white bands and dotted rosette as filling ornament.	79
147	Rim sherd of Chian Simple Animal Style, possibly patterned, pottery chalice; white slip; interior: reserved band around rim and glazed streaky black below; exterior: slip partly worn; narrow brown line on edge of rim; around rim, single narrow band with line of single dots and reserved below; very worn inscription on exterior.	80
